Plane/Copter/Rover/Tracker: 4.6.0-beta1 release (#28536)
ArduPilot/ardupilot: AntennaTracker/ReleaseNotes.txt

- Ainstein LR-D1 radar support
- Airspeed ASP5033 whoami check fixed when autopilot rebooted independently of the sensor
- AIRSPEED message sent to GCS
- Analog temperature sensor extended to 5th order polynomial (see TEMP_A5)
- ARSPD_OPTIONS to report calibration offset to GCS
- Baro EAS2TAS conversions continuously calculated reducing shocks to TECS (Plane only)
- Baro provides improved atmospheric model for high altitude flight
- BARO_ALT_OFFSET slew slowed to keep EKF happy
- BATTx_ESC_MASK param supports flexible mapping of ESCs to batteries
- BATTx_OPTION to not send battery voltage, current, etc to GCS
- Benewake RDS02U radar support
- Bi-directional DShot on IOMCU supports reversible mask
- Bi-directional DShot telemetry support on F103 8Mhz IOMCUs
- BMM350 compass support
- CAN rangefinders and proximity sensors may share a CAN bus (allows NRA24 and MR72 on a single CAN bus)
- Compass calibration world magnetic model checks can use any position source (e.g. not just GPS)
- CRSF baro and vertical speeed fixed
- CRSF RX bind command support
- DroneCAN battery monitor check to avoid memory corruption when type changed

> - DroneCAN DNA server fixes including removing use of invalid node IDs, optimise id allocation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- DroneCAN DNA server fixes including removing use of invalid node IDs, faster ID allocation, elimination of rare inability to save info
```

- GPIO get/set mode bindings (see gpio:set_mode, get_mode)
- GPS-for-yaw angle binding (see gps:gps_yaw_deg)
- Halo6000 EFI driver can log all CAN packets for easier debugging
- handle_external_position_estimate binding allows sending position estimate from lua to EKF
- I2C:transfer support
- IMU gyros_consistent and accels_consistent bindings added
- INF_Inject.lua driver more robust to serial errors, improved logging, throttle and ignition control
- INS bindings for is calibrating, gyro and accel sensor values
- IPV4 address bindings (see SocketAPM_ipv4_addr_to_string) to allow UDP server that responds to individual clients
- Logging of booleans supported
- Lua language checks improved (finds more errors)
- MAVLink commands can be called from scripting
- MCU voltage binding (see analog:mcu_voltage)
- NMEA 2000 EFI driver (see EFI_NMEA2k.lua)
- "open directory failed" false warning when scripts in ROMFS fixed
- Param_Controller.lua supports quickly switching between 3 parameter sets via RC switch
- Pass by reference values are always initialized
- pelco_d_antennatracker.lua applet supports sending Pelco-D via RS-485 to PTZ cameras
- plane_aerobatics.lua minor enhancements

> - REPL applet (read-evaluate-print-loop, see repl.lua)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- REPL applet (read-evaluate-print-loop, see repl.lua) for interactive testing and experimentation
```

> - "require" keyword works for modules in ROMFS (e.g. not on SD card)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- "require" function failures in rare circumstances fixed
- "require" function works for modules in ROMFS (e.g. not on SD card)
```

- revert_param.lua supports more params (e.g ATC_RATE_R/P/Y, PTCH2SRV_TCONST, RLL2SRV_TCONST, TECS_)
- Scripts may receive mavlink messages which fail CRC (e.g messages which FC does not understand)
- SD card formatting supported

> - Serial device loop back support (allows simulating a sensor using Lua)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Serial device simulation support (allows Lua to feed data to any supported serial protocol for e.g. sensor simulation)
```

- set_target_throttle_rate_rpy allows rate control from scripts (new for Copter)
- sitl_standby_sim.lua example shows how to switch between redundant flight controllers using an RC switch
- Slung payload oscillation suppression applet added (see copter-slung-payload.lua)
- Temperature sensor bindings added

> - uint64 support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- uint64 support
- Various performance and memory usage optimizations
```

- Bootloader fix to reduce unnecessary mass erasing of flash when using STLink or Jlink tools
- Bootloader rejects allocation of broadcast node ID
- CAN forward registering/de-registering fix (affected Mission Planner DroneCAN UI)
- Dijkstras fix to correct use of uninitialised variable
- DShot rates are not limited by NeoPixel rates
- Ethernet and CAN bootloader fix to prevent getting stuck in bootloader mode
- Filesystem does not show entries for empty @ files
- Filesystem efficiency improvements when reading files
- Flight statistics only reset if user sets STAT_RESET to zero (avoids accidental reset)
- Flight time statistics updated on disarm (avoids issue if vehicle powered-down soon after disarm)
- Internal error thrown if we lose parameters due to saving queue being too small
- MAVLink via DroneCAN baud rate fix
- SPI pins may also be used as GPIOs
- Terrain cache size configurable (see TERRAIN_CACHE_SZ)

18) Developer focused fixes and enhancements

- AP_Camera gets example python code showing how to use GStreamer with UDP and RTSP video streams
- Cygwin build fix for non-SITL builds
- Cygwin build fixed with malloc wrap

> - DroneCAN and scripting support FlexDebug messages (see CAN_OPTION, FlexDebug.lua)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- DroneCAN and scripting support FlexDebug messages (see CAN_Dn_UC_OPTION, FlexDebug.lua)
```
